# Changelog
All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.
This project makes use of the [Sementic Versioning](http://semver.org/)

## Unreleased

### Added
- Set the max db `pool` size via an ENV var called `DB_POOL_SIZE`

## 2.5.0 - 2015-04-30

### Added
- Added the "apt:unattended-upgrades" recipe in our Rails stacks so people can enable unattended upgrades.

## 2.4.0 - 2015-04-28

### Added
- Ruby 2.1.0, 2.1.5 and 2.2.1 are now installed from binaries
- Ability to remove an application from your server
- Allow client_max_body_size configuration per application
- Sets secure defaults for SSL protocol and ciphers

### Deprecated
- Nothing

### Removed
- Nothing

### Fixed
- Allow redirect domains to be set for the Passenger stack as well
- Set encoding to utf-8 for sysadmins metadata file
- Reload NGINX once a certificate has changed
- Ruby 2.2.x dependency `libffi-dev` is now installed.

### Misc
- Downgraded to ruby 2.1.5

## 2.3.1 - 2015-02-18

### Fixed
- Fixed `Mysql2::Error: CREATE command denied to user` issue after `database`
  cookbook upgrade.

## 2.3.0 - 2014-12-30

### Added
- A `.ruby-version` file is generated by default in /u/apps/<your app folder>/shared so it can be symlinked with the default Capistrano configuration.
- A `sysadmins` cookbook which allows you to provide sysadmin users in the node configuration.
- A `sysadmins` role. When added to your server, you can configure users that have sudo-access.
- Nginx custom configuration whitch allows you to add custom configuration into the
  generated vhost configuration.
- Integration testing with Test Kitchen via Vagrant in .kitchen.local.yml

### Deprecated
- Nothing

### Removed
- Nothing

### Fixed
- Fixed 'uninitialized constant ActiveRecord' in Unicorn configuration when a the app does not have ActiveRecord.

### Misc
- Updated Ruby version to 2.2.0 for this repository.
- Sudo recipe configuration changed to match Ubuntu's default sudo behaviour more closely.
- Licensing has been moved to MIT

## 2.2.0 - 2014-10-28

### Added
- Backup support (Support for filesystem, mysql and postgresql, backup to S3)
- Backup compression using GZip
- Added ruby 2.1.3 to the ruby binary list
- test-kitchen to automatically test the cookbooks and resulting server setup

### Deprecated
- Nothing

### Removed
- Removed the sudos cookbook because it is not needed for the Unicorn stack anymore

### Fixed
- Removed spaces from the .rbenv-vars template file

### Misc
- Upgraded the chef-repo ruby version to 2.1.2

## 2.1.0 - 2014-08-18

See [UPGRADING.md](UPGRADING.md) for upgrade instructions if you're using the Unicorn stack.

### Added
- Started working with a [Changelog](http://keepachangelog.com/)
- Configure ENV vars for your apps [Rbenv-vars](https://github.com/sstephenson/rbenv-vars)
- Speed up Ruby installation with binary packages
- [Unicorn Stack] Use Upstart to start Unicorn
- Wrote UPGRADING.md with upgrade instructions to 2.1.0

### Deprecated
- Nothing.

### Removed
- [Unicorn Stack] Don't use Bluepill monitoring for Unicorn anymore.

### Fixed
- Nothing.

## 2.0.0 - 2014-04-28

### Added
- Use Phusion Passenger as default Rails stack.
- Use Postgresql as your database
- Use Cheffile with Librarian-Chef to manage cookbooks

### Deprecated
- Nothing.

### Removed
- Nothing.

### Fixed
- Nothing.

## 1.1.0 - 2013-08-19

### Added
- You can now specify what user you want to use for deployments

### Deprecated
- Nothing.

### Removed
- Nothing.

### Fixed
- Nothing.

## 1.0.0 - 2013-07-19

### Added
- This is the initial release of the chef-repo

### Deprecated
- Nothing.

### Removed
- Nothing.

### Fixed
- Nothing.
